The only thing I wanted to show you
right now we played around with
different neural networks right
with fully connected neural network
with the convolutional neural
network to recognize those seizures.
But I haven't actually show you what to do
with the model after you've trained it.
So after you trained the model, there are
actually a couple of things you can do.
For instance,
let's quickly see if I have it here.
If not, then I will,
you can access individual layers, right?
And for instance,
you can get layer by the index or
just go through the weights
with corresponding index which
simply gonna to be the number of
the layer you trying to access to you.
And yeah, you can even do the predictions.
So for instance, if you just do
the model.predict and provide the input.
The only thing with the images
remember that's our
image it was simply 28 by 28 pixels,
right?
But our model takes several of images when
we're training so we need to reshape it.
So basically in create list which
will contain only one image.
But if we create several lives,
we can create.
For instance, if we want to process
multiple images simultaneously,
we can just create the list of those
images and then do model predict and
provide this list and as the results,
our model will create predict
what it's actually observing.
And you always can do a saving so
model is it safe?
I think I already
terminated this notebook.
Yeah, sorry about browsing.
Let's quickly just restart we initialize
the green data and our model.
And we can even quickly train it,
as far as I remember,
the training was pretty fast.
And by the way, yeah,
if you want to visualize
the topology of your neural network.
[LAUGH] This one is actually wrong.
You can simply use plot model from
TensorFlow Kerris utilities utils.
It gives you a pretty nice graphic and
you can save it into file, PNG.
Or if you want a higher resolution vector
graphics, you can even use SVG format.
Just pretty good if you will want to
use kind of visualize the topologies,
right off your neural network.
Once again, a model summary works as well.
So, let's quickly just retrain our model.
This one should be pretty fast.
And as I said, if you want to,
after you're done training,
just save you model,
what you can do, you can use model,
I'll just wait for it to finish.
Or actually let me interrupt, reduce.
We don't need 40 epochs here
we need probably only 5 and
they can restart the wrong.
Let's see,
we're already actually it's 99% accuracy.
So I think we good and it's with fully
connected neural network it's pretty,
pretty small and how many layers we
have here only one hidden layer right?
The last dense layer we can think about it
as the just the player with the neurons
which will be activated depending on
which digit we're actually looking at.
And if you want to save,
You can do save the model completely,
in this case it will
save the topology itself.
And yeah, we can just specify by
a file path or just the name for
instance model.h5 or something like this.
If we execute it, it will save the file
it will also appear as a modelh5.
So all the weights and topology of
the model will be simply stored
in this file and
we can even load it from a new notebook.
If we just for instance,
open a new notebook and say,
although I have to now, for the model,
let's actually return back and
just use the new cell here,
just because my Kerris is
already implemented here.
So I can do something
like this model load.
And I can only load weights.
So I should do save weights in this case.
Save weights and then the model
will have to be recreated with
all the layers used during the training.
But then I can simply load
weights from the file.
Right, and for instance if you don't
want to spend time retraining your model
every time you can just dump those
weights on your file system and
download them whenever you need them.
But the initialization of the model
itself, so model definition have to be.
I have actually two models here,
right, here and this one.
But anyway, you got the idea is the way
how you can train it, save it and
then use it for later on and doing the
prediction as I said, it's pretty, simple.
I've showed it right here.
So first you just reshaping your image so
it was, let me actually do the explicitly.
So if we printix_text (0) shape and
print our input shape.
You'll see what happened.
So original image was only 28 by 28 pixel
but I just grabbed this image and
by reshaping means that I
put it inside another list.
That's it.
And
just what's our model expect to be
the input to do the predictions.
And then if we print
the results of the prediction
we should see this 10 different numbers.
That's the simply getting the signal
coming out of all our 10 neurons, right?
And actually the number we're
looking at is number 7.
So if we calculate 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
7, that's the highest number among those.
So you can see all of those have minus.
7 power minus 10.
And this one is pretty close to 1.
So our model is super confidence
that we're looking at seven and
you can even visualize those distribution.
So you see we have the peak seven and
the rest is pretty small.
So, yeah and that's the number
we're analyzing, number 7.